Part 1:
	ETF creation, redemption,

Part 2:
	Trading mechanism
	liquidity
	ranking

Part 3:
	fair value calculation
	commodity ETFs and varying strucuture ofETF
	valuation process

Global ETFs

Chapter1: How did we end up here.
	CEF : closed eneded fund
		- only initial allocated FIXED shares trade on  sec market
		- price above or below NAV
		- dont require fund manager to buy back CEF shares
		- great freedom to invest in illiquide shares
		- price is determined by demand, at premium or discount to NAV
		- constituent are not published daily
	
	Mostly CEF trade at discount, so ETF are efficient.
	Pressure of arbitrage on ETF and its constituents, protects investors

	CEF trade at premium if its leveraged and investors expect high yeild.

	ETF can be actively managed and leveraged

Mutual funds: 18T in 2014 wrt 2T ETF
	89% retail investors
	Equity : 52% (20% index linked)
	Bond   : 22%
	Money Market: 19%
	Hybrid Equity-Bond:  7%
	You can only sell Mutual Fund at day close.


ETFs: 90% index based and equity focussed
	The growth of assets in exchange-traded products and the development of the ecosystem of businesses supporting that growth have been stunning in recent years. Numerous factors have contributed to this growth, from the Wall Street marketing engines to the regulatory changes providing for significant structural advantages to the growth of electronic trading. What is rarely mentioned, however, is that investors have simply been demanding a way to invest that is easy to understand and at a lower fee. The main tranche of the ETF market provides this, along with a level of transparency and other benefits unavailable in previous products. The market for financial products was ripe for disruption and ETFs are a tool for satisfying that demand.

	Transperency:
		ETFs disclose composition, MFs dont because mostly active MFs deploy properitery strategies fear of front running if they disclose composition before
		There are active ETFs which disclose compositiion only after change

	Exchange Listing:
		1. standadization: hybrid equity-bond etf trades on same market
		2. intraday trading
		3. Liquidity

		Many ETFs are trading 24hr in different markets internationally in diff tax regime
		ETFs might have tighte spread than its underlyings basket. this mostly happens in high volume and international ETF as it has wide variety of participants trading it.

		tighter spread is also because of arb opp, creation/redemption at day end
	
	Tax Efficiency:
		MFs buying and speciialy selling, is taxable event as mutual fund has to sell equity. There are few management techniques, spare cash etc, to avoid this, but not much can be done.
		ETF trades in two markets
			1. Seconadry market, LP or MM will
				1. buy ETF and sell underlying stocks
				2. sell ETF and buy underlying stocks

			2. Primary Market: Trades here are not taxable event 
				1. redemption 
				2. creation

			MM may not do creation/redemption on daily basis as they may do opposite thing everyday.
			Shorting stock has to pay fee, so its better to redemption at the day end

	Lower Fees:
		CEF has IPO and has to pay for IPO sales, so investor is at loss in IPO and CEF trades at discount later
		MF has management fees of around 1%, so both CEF and MF at loss before any investment is made


Chapter 2:
	ETF creation : 
		1. whats underlying its exposed to
		2. best wat to how to replicate the exposure
	ETF:
		1. Beta Product: either give good market acess to basket : Passive, index funds
		2. Alpha Product: or have some advantage over basket: Active managed funds

	Index creator and ETF creator are often different companies have diff concern. Index creator does not worry about ability to invest in underlyings, but ETF product dev team is creative to achive exposure via exotic products wherever they can movign towards actively managed funds.


	ETF
		1. might not contain securities with min capitalization
		2. min float or liquidity
		3. might be perfect replciation or optmized cut
	similar index tracking funds compete in optmization cuts and have significant perf diff over the time

	Narrow goal of specialized and small universe: less investors interested in ETF, illiquid ETFas underlyings are difficult to trade


	Rebalancing and index challanges
		frequent rebalancing has cost and cause mispricing/tracking error, over the time. If index is of few top stocks, then rest of stocks lose representation.

		Perfectly replicated basket = least tracking error. Mainly tracking at rebalancing and management fees.
		Index is not trading vechicle but ETF is, so its constitunet must be liquide in order to  ETF to be liquide and ETFs growth
		Trade off between complexity and margnial added value of too many names in basket wrt how much you are willing to diverge from tracking perfection

	ETF Basket
		Creation Unit basket : published, transperency, liquidity, accessible, trackable
		ETF does not benifit from too small or too large weightings.
		There must be balance between liqquidity and weightings to minimize tracking and implemention costs

	Creation Unit Determination:
		Greater avg daily volumnes of constituents, greater liquide will be ETF. Greater will be easy to issue and redempt ETF.
		
		If the avg, daily volume is low, even if you trade 25% of ADV, you can create only few of creation units of ETF. Few CU means less liquid.
		Even if ADV is high and % of weight in ETF is also high, creates imbalance of overwieghted stock in ETF

		Viability of CU = wieghing and liquidity of stocks

	AP: athorized participant/ LP or MM
		only allowed to transfer ETF <=> shares with isseur at some cost, which it adjust into spread while trading.
		Issuer fund or investor client of ETF does not bear these cost
		creation and redemption is done at accounting level, its not trade.
		clients may ask LP/AP to create/redempt on behalf

	CU is high, but its divided into shares so easy for retail clients. But creation/redemption is done at CU level only?
	
	Investors might ask trading desk of LP to buy underlying basket and give the  ETF

	NAV is calculated at closign price of basket. Intraday NAV is intraday indicative value IIV. 

	Clients might ask AP to buy basket at VWAP and create ETF. or otherway.

	Anyone can become AP, just paying intial, flat fee called processing fee paid to Issuer to create/redempt any number of ETF CUs.
	Now, this cost is embeded into spreads for retail MM, while for agency trades usually client pays it to LP.
	So, for low volume ETF, processing fee per CU traded is high, so high MM spread.
	While for high volume ETF, usually transactions are squared off at the day end, so tight spread.

	LP could charge clients/Agencies for creation/redemption in low volume ETF, but if positions gets squared off at day end its LPs profit as ETF and basket hedge position is flattened at the end.




		

	
	

	
Chapt3:
	NYSE Arca : Top ETF market has Lead marker maker who brings new ETF into market
	BATS : 3rd top ETF market 

	Exchange may charge issuer for Listing ETF on exchange
	ETF at beggining has introductory/inauguration period where investors just see how comfortable are they in particular ETF

	Price and Trding wise Lead MM and other LPs/MM as same.
	Lead MM earns from
		- spread
		- underlying basket arb
		- receive stock loan fee
		- rebate as official, designated MM
	LMM provides enhanced liquidity in new ETFs in incubation period
	
	Seeding is initial investment and providing liquidity.
	ETF needs seed money to financing trades by seeder


	Seeding
		in order to launch ETF it needs 100,000 shares oustanding with Issuer
		Initially, when fewer ETFs were there, LPs were interested to earn on large spreads on ETFs and were willing to seed Issuer

		While seeder needs to buy the underlying stocks basket and give it to the issuer in return of initial 1,00,000 shares

		This intial creation is directional trade until ETFs are sold, but this but it may not be.

		LMM used to use their own balance sheet to give basket to issuer in return of new ETFs.

		But for the pure seeder, borrows stocks in order to create initial ETF and later return stock
		Sometimes, this position of short of stocks given to issuer and long on ETF can be profitable from financing perspective

		LMM/Seeders need to sit on ETF until its sold in the secondary market. once it ETF trades into market, seeders gradually
		unwind the position of short stock and long ETF into no position.

		There could be different seeder than LMM, non-LMM seeder. then seeder will lend ETF to LMM to trade on first day. If not, LMM will have to get into early creation/redemption process. In intiial days there is only buying demand for the ETF. Issuer, LMM, seeder have to understand this.

		Many of new ETF need longer incubation period.

		Seeding is really balance sheet rental. 

		Seeding capital is shrunk by smaller creation unit to reduce cost of seeding.

		If CU is 100,000 and LMM has sold 25000 shares it will not create ETF unit. It will borrow stocks from seeder.
		borrowing fee is adjusted into LMM spreads.

		Seeding risk
			- if basket is not borrowable
			- hedge is proxy causing tracking error
		LMM do not buy initial ETFs first and take directional bet. They profit from spread and arb with basket.

		Risk
			- Borrow cost increase
			- short basket gets called back
			- ETF tracking error
			- ETF AUM does not increase, and holding time increases

		There may be some residual amoint with the issuer, part of the NAV of ETF CU, along with basket price

		In the initial days, issuer is usually long on ETF uderlying basket, as it holds the basket of shares.
		These shares have dividend, corporate actions. Issuer needs to adjust these changes.
		Issuer pays dividend to ETF holders, and charges some fees everyday on predefined basis.
		This fees is taken out from residual cash.

		Some stocks might exit from ETF basket.
		
		ETF issuer is last one to get paid. Its hires building, employees, create index and issue ETF.
	
		ETF sales people educated investors. Investors buys ETF from tradng desks,MM, LP. 
		LP after suffcient trades creates unit, and issuers gets creation fees and management fees as AUM increases.
		Exchange gets trading fees, clearer gets clearing fees.


	Closing ETF
		ETF has costs
			- business people, space
			- listing
			- rebalacning etc
		usually small funds close because they dont generate money, AUM is small
		usually niche funds which dont cover wide securities close

	Selling ETF to another issuer 
	Not taxable, 
			Vs

	closing etf 
		Taxable, so usually investors are given time to get out of it 
		at last date NAV at closing price is returned to investors


Chapter 4 Trading Volumes and ETF Liquidity
	ETFs TRADE DRAMATICALLY DIFFERENT THAN STOCKS
		unlike stocks, investors buys/sells ETF to LP/LMM rather than to another person withs opposite view
		as ETF gets popular trading vol increases an LP/LMM doesnt quote as other MM crowd in to provide liq

	A BRIEF LOOK AT EQUITY TRADING VOLUMES
	A DETAILED LOOK AT ETF TRADING VOLUMES
		There are both high and low liq/ADV etfs
		Earlier Index ETFs had great volumes
		new ETS are listed Mutual funds, with benigits of ETF structure
		Most low AUM, 50% of total ETFs trade < 50K volume
		liq of ETF = liq of underlyings


	ETF MONEY FLOWS—DON'T JUDGE AN ETF BY ITS SIZE
		AUM and ADV are diff things. high ADV because of retail investors does not cause, change in ETF
		shares created/redemption, doesnt change AUM

	WHERE MONEY FLOWS CAN STEER YOU WRONG
		outstanding shares might increase but ETF price might decline

	MONEY FLOWS OF THE BUYERS
		LP either buys from another MM, creats by buying underlying, or hedge using correlating asset

	MONEY FLOWS OF THE SELLERS
		ETF can be shorted by investors.
			investor will borrow those shorted ETFs from LP
			LP will get those ETFs from issuer by giving them underlying basket.
			So shorting increases assets in the fund

	LOOKING AT CEF VS. ETF MONEY FLOWS
	LOOKING AT MF VS. ETF MONEY FLOWS
	
	

























