Currently I am working with SRLabs, on a product called SMDS.
Here I work on c++ linux technology along with xml and bash scrpting
I have mainly worked on the european feeds line millenium exchanges
LSE, TQ, Milan, Oslo, then NYSE euronext and nordic. fix fast feeds Xetra and swx
ECN  feeds like BATS and CHIX. Here I handle long term and urgent assignments
which envolves significant new developement work as well as work on existing code.
I was working with morgan stanley at canary wharf london, for their european
composite equity orderbook project on behalf of SRLabs. We provide them a customised
product for thier use case.
	SMDS the market data product is set of feed handler libararies and a server
client mechanism to distribute the data to multiple applications running on same 
server or in distributed environment. We are market data vendors and provide feed
libaries to the clients and actual feeds run in thier data centers.
In the long term, I want to be software architect.
Previosuly I have worked on GPU hardware processing and Linux file systems.
During my gradution days I have participated in many coding competions held at
university level. Besides computer science I like geology.


Why boomberg.
	Bloomberg is considered as standard when it comes about the market data and access.
300 thousands bloomberg terminal across world, one of them is in iraq is proof of that.
Its is not just data, but relible financial news across any communication medium is the major
thing for which bloomberg is trusted across world. Bloomberg terminal is indeed awesome thing
that has been created by bloomberg and I dont think there is anything that completes it
in terms of relieable access and wide range of access.

About this openeing:
	I will be workig upong futures and options feeds. Which will be quite interesting.
I will come across many people with diverse background in the field of market data.
market access and market analytics. 

Wht kind kernel bypassing you use.
Which c++ version you are using and do you used any customised memory managers?
How you specify the config files for the feeds using xml or some po



	

